c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\KataTennisProperties.XML
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\KataTennisProperties.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\KataTennisProperties.pdb
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\FsCheck.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\FsCheck.Xunit.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\KataTennis.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\Unquote.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\KataTennis.pdb
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\KataTennis.xml
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\FsCheck.pdb
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\FsCheck.xml
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\FsCheck.Xunit.pdb
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\FsCheck.Xunit.xml
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\Unquote.xml
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.xml
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\obj\Debug\KataTennisProperties.fsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\obj\Debug\KataTennisProperties.dll
c:\users\rlima\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\obj\Debug\KataTennisProperties.pdb
C:\Users\Rlima\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KataTennis\KataTennisProperties\bin\Debug\KataTennisProperties.dll.config
